Doesn’t get much better than sitting down to talk with my friend Joe. We’ll miss our little buddy boy, Nugget’s brother so much. Forever a paw shaped hole in our hearts   #ripmighty  #Repost orlandobloom   Mighty’s on the other side now. After 7 days of searching from sunrise to… @BBC_Future Good article @BBCScienceNews Similar problem with US data @OMGROFLOLJK Good point You don’t have a soul, you are a soul @cleantechnica Adding people in next version 2 minutes later … @nytimes Just another day in 2020 @Erdayastronaut @flcnhvy Individualized mass transit is the future @flcnhvy No, best to have people seated for safety &amp; speed of travel Coming soon @WholeMarsBlog Human overseen at first, then fully self-driving @JaneidyEve Can’t say, but it involves a @BucketHat1 This one stings Where are the memes? Send in … the memes … @teslatrey We need to finish upgrading Autopilot to 4D vs ~2.5D, then it will go up very steep slopes Nothing has gaslit more people than the movie Gaslight @LoomisP_ @MSNBC @11thHour Well said, Brian Williams! @FutureJurvetson Great shot! I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL! Southwest has tightened its mask rules, saying its planes will carry only masked passengers The US announces an agreement with Pfizer for delivery of 100 million doses of a Covid-19 vaccine. The drugmaker still needs to complete a large Phase 3 clinical trial. The US has abruptly ordered China to close its consulate in Houston, Texas, in what Beijing called an “unprecedented escalation” in recent actions taken by Washington All tsunami warnings and advisories were canceled after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck off of Alaska's coast early Wednesday An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.8 struck off the coast of Alaska early Wednesday morning Hundreds of incarcerated women in Texas, including NSA leaker Reality Winner, are at the center of one of the largest coronavirus outbreaks at a federal correctional facility in the country India and USA are natural partners.   The US-India friendship has scaled many heights in the past.    Now it is time our partnership plays an important role in helping the world bounce back faster after the pandemic! NOW is the best time to invest in India. There is global optimism towards India because of:  India’s culture of openness.   The many opportunities and options to invest.   India awaits you! Global economic resilience will be shaped by stronger domestic economic capacities. India is doing so by working towards an Aatmanirbhar Bharat. Addressing the #IndiaIdeasSummit organised by @USIBC. At 10:30 AM tomorrow, will join, via video conferencing, the programme to lay the foundation stone for the Manipur Water Supply Project. This project will boost our mission of 'Har Ghar Jal’ and greatly benefit the people of Manipur. Urged MPs to keep themselves updated with latest policy issues. Also emphasised on being effective on the floor of the House as well as in the field, among people.   Reiterated the need for constant people connect and embracing latest technology as well as social media. Had an excellent interaction with the newly elected @BJP4India Rajya Sabha MPs. It was wonderful to hear their views and passion towards public service. This is a group of MPs who are diverse and will certainly make effective contributions to Parliamentary proceedings. Congratulations to our nuclear scientists for achieving criticality of Kakrapar Atomic Power Plant-3! This indigenously designed 700 MWe KAPP-3 reactor is a shining example of Make in India. And a trailblazer for many such future achievements! Looking forward to addressing the #IndiaIdeasSummit, organised by @USIBC today at 9 PM. Will be sharing my views on ‘Building a Better Future.’ Do watch. The Tonight Show (@thelonelyisland, @chefjoseandres, and music from @perfumegenius)  #FallonTonight